Story Recapped here. Today I'm going to
explain a Korean drama film called Oldboy.
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care.
In 1988, A middle-aged man named Oh Dae-su was
arrested for public intoxication and disorderly
conduct on the night of his daughter's
birthday. After his friend, Joo-hwan,
bails him out, he calls his daughter on the
phone to tell her to wait for him. However,
before he could go home, he suddenly disappears,
leaving behind the present for his daughter.
Dae-su soon finds himself locked up in a hotel
room with no windows, not knowing who his captors
were or why he was abducted. He is constantly fed
through a trapdoor, but he is also being gassed
almost on a regular basis whenever his captors cut
his hair, change his clothes or clean up his room.
The only way Dae-su can learn about
the outside world was through the TV.
One day, he finds out that his wife, Kim Ja-hyun,
had been killed. His blood and fingerprints were
found at the crime scene, so he has become
the prime suspect. By this time, Dae-su has
started suffering from hallucinations. As months
and years pass, he continues to descend into
madness and tries to take his own life several
times, but his captors revive him each time.
Frustrated by his situation, Dae-su starts
keeping a journal and writes down the names
of people who might have a grudge against him.
He also starts training himself to fight in the
hopes that he could use it against his
captors someday. After about six years,
he had begun to dig a hole through the wall using
only a metal chopstick. He keeps removing a few
bricks from the wall over the years until he
can hold out his hand and feel the rain outside.
Dae-su starts planning his escape and covers the
hole with the bed, but before he could completely
hide it, he is knocked unconscious by the sleeping
gas. As he lay on the bed, a woman arrives in his
room and hypnotizes him. After fifteen years in
captivity, he emerges from a luggage and finds
himself outdoors wearing a brand new suit
and a watch. After adjusting to the light,
he sees his journals inside the luggage. He looks
around and sees another man sitting on the ledge.
Holding his pet dog, the man tells Dae-su not
to stop him from jumping off the building.
Seeing another human being for the first
time, Dae-su takes the man's hand and holds
it against his face. As Dae-su continues
to relish his freedom, the man asks him,
"even though I'm no better than a
beast, don't I have the right to live?"
Dae-su just smiles and repeats the question.
As the man was about to fall backward, Dae-su
grabs him by his necktie. He tells the man to
listen to his story first before killing himself.
After telling his story, Dae-su
walks away and grabs his journals.
He completely ignores the man who was hoping
to reveal the reason why he wanted to die.
As Dae-su leaves the building, the man
falls to his death on top of a car.
Dae-su starts contemplating his next move while
walking around the city. He avoids contacting
his relatives or friends, knowing that he is
still a suspect for the murder of his wife.
When he comes across a group of young men on the
streets, he tries out his fighting skills against
them. Using only his fists, he successfully beats
them up and continues wandering through the city.
While he was sitting in front of a
seafood restaurant, a homeless man
hands him a cellphone and a wallet full
of money. The homeless man tells Dae-su
to avoid asking him any questions
because he doesn't know anything.
After inspecting the wallet, Dae-su enters
a sushi bar and asks the server to bring him
something alive to eat. Dae-su later recognizes
the server as one of the contestants in a cooking
competition on TV. When his phone starts ringing,
he answers immediately and asks who's calling.
The man on the other end taunts Dae-su by asking
if he liked his new suit. Dae-su demanded to know
why he was incarcerated and starts guessing who
was behind the abduction. The man on the phone
says that his identity is not that important. He
tells Dae-su to reflect on his past to find out
why he was locked up. The mysterious voice went
on to ask Dae-su to find him quickly and hangs up.
As Dae-su puts down the phone, the
server brings him a live octopus,
as he requested. She asks Dae-su
if she should slice it up,
but he just grabs it and starts devouring it.
He collapses as soon as he finishes his meal.
When he wakes up, he finds himself in the
server's apartment recovering from a fever.
The server tells him that the medicine
she gave him was quite effective.
While walking toward the bathroom,
the server tells Dae-su that the lock
is broken but warns him against following her
because she has a knife. Despite the warning,
Dae-su still goes inside the toilet and forces
himself on her. The server thwarts his attempt
by hitting him on the head with the butt of the
knife. Dae-su prepares to leave the apartment,
but the server stops him. She introduces
herself as Mi-do and tells him that she
is also interested in getting intimate with
him, but she won't do it until she's ready.
Dae-su soon decides to look for his
estranged daughter with Mi-do's help.
They find out that a couple from Sweden had
adopted his daughter. Dae-su gives up on
contacting his daughter and goes on a quest
to find the man who abducted him instead.
One day, Mi-do receives an online
message from a man using the ID
"Evergreen," asking her about
"The Count of Monte Cristo."
When Dae-su comes closer to investigate, Evergreen
asks him how he's doing in the "bigger prison."
Mi-do tells him that she has been chatting with
Evergreen for some time to talk about sushi.
Dae-su thinks that he can't trust Mi-do because
of her online relationship with Evergreen,
so he tries to find his captors on his
own. He soon discovers the restaurant
that delivers the food that he had eaten while
he was in captivity. He follows a delivery man
to the building where he was incarcerated and
attacks a guard with a hammer. He later discovers
that the prison is run by a criminal organization
specializing in incarcerating people for a price.
Dae-su tortures the man in charge of the
operation by pulling out his teeth with the
claws of a hammer. The man, named Mr. Park, says
he never met with the client who paid for Dae-su's
incarceration, but he recorded the phone call.
Dae-su takes the recording and tries to leave the
building, but a hoard of men waits for him outside
Park's office. Armed only with his hammer and his
fists, he fights them all off. He continues
to fight even as he is stabbed in the back.
When Dae-su finally gets out of the building, he
pulls out the knife and collapses on the ground.
A man on the street helps him up and puts him
inside a taxi. The stranger gives the driver
an address and reveals himself to be responsible
for locking up Dae-su by calling him out by name.
Unable to do anything because of his injuries,
he just looks at the man as the taxi drives off.
Back at home, he listens to the recording
that he took from Mr. Park's office. He hears
the man and Mr. Park talking about the length of
incarceration and the types of drugs that they can
use to medicate him if he develops schizophrenia
during his captivity. When Mr. Park asks what
Dae-su did to deserve a lengthy incarceration,
the client tells him that Dae-su talks too much.
The next day, Dae-su pays a
visit to his friend, Joo-hwan,
to ask him if he recognizes the
client's voice in the recording.
Joo-hwan cannot identify the client, but he
helps Dae-su find Evergreen online. Evergreen
taunts Dae-su further by letting him know that the
statute of limitations on him has already expired.
Dae-su goes back to Mi-do's home and starts
torturing her to find out what she knows about
Evergreen. As he tries to force more information
out of Mi-do, Joo-hwan calls to tell him that
he had discovered Evergreen's identity.
Joo-hwan tells him that Evergreen's real
name is Su Dee-ah, and he lives in a building
just across the street from Mi-do's apartment.
He immediately runs to the apartment and
meets Evergreen and his bodyguard, Mr. Han.
Evergreen tells Dae-su that he will kill
Mi-do in five days unless he uncovers the
motive behind his incarceration. He offers
to take his own life if Dae-su succeeds.
Dae-su tries to attack Evergreen, but the
bodyguard fends him off. Evergreen went on
to tell Dae-su that he will never find out the
motive if he kills him. He further reveals that he
is wearing a pacemaker that he can deactivate with
a push of a button if Dae-su tries to torture him.
As Evergreen prepares to leave, he encourages
Dae-su to seek vengeance to deal with the pain
of losing his wife and child. He reminds Dae-su
that he had left Mi-do tied up in her apartment
with the door wide open. Dae-su rushes back
to Mi-do's place after hearing her scream.
When he arrives, he sees Mr. Park and his goons
abusing Mi-do. The goons overpower Dae-su and
hold him down as Mr. Park attempts
to remove his teeth with a hammer.
A phone call interrupts them, and Mr. Han
later arrives at the apartment and offers
a briefcase full of money to Mr. Park. After
looking at the briefcase, he agrees to take
it and leave Dae-su unharmed. Dae-su threatens
to cut off Mr. Park's hand for abusing Mi-do.
Dae-su and Mi-do immediately leave the apartment
after the goons left. On their way to a motel,
Mi-do sings a song to indicate that she
is ready to get intimate with Dae-su.
After their lovemaking, sleeping gas seeps into
their room, and Evergreen goes in to leave them
a package. When they opened it, they see
Mr. Park's severed hand. Dae-su realizes
that Evergreen has bugged them, so he goes to
a shop to find the device and get rid of it.
Sometime later, Dae-su and Mi-do stop by
Joo-hwan's internet cafe to learn out more
about Evergreen. As Mi-do goes through the
search results on the internet, Dae-su and
Joo-hwan soon realize that Evergreen was the
name of their batch in their old high school.
Dae-su and Mi-do go to the school to look
at the yearbook for the class of '79.
He learns that Evergreen was a fellow student
named Lee Woo-jin. Dae-su calls Joo-hwan
to ask if he knows anything about Woo-jin.
Joo-hwan says he doesn't recognize the name.
Dae-su starts asking Joo-hwan about a female
student named Soo-ah. Joo-hwan tells Dae-su that
she died after he transferred to another school.
When Dae-su asks for more details, Joo-hwan tells
him that Soo-ah was a very promiscuous girl.
Unbeknownst to them, Woo-jin is at Joo-hwan's
cafe during the phone call. Enraged by how
Joo-hwan described Soo-ah, Woo-jin kills him and
reveals to Dae-su that Soo-ah was his sister.
Dae-su tracks down Mr. Park to ask for more
details about his incarceration. Due to the
loss of his hand, Mr. Park willingly tells Dae-su
that he had drugged the water to make him more
susceptible to hypnosis. He also agrees to keep
Mi-do safe while Dae-su goes on to find Woo-jin.
Another former classmate tells Dae-su
that Joo-hwan spread the rumors about
Soo-ah's promiscuity. Dae-su later recalls that
he had accidentally witnessed Woo-jin
and Soo-ah engaging in intimate acts.
He remembers that he had told Joo-hwan about it
just before he transferred to another school.
Using the clues left behind by Woo-jin, Dae-su
was able to pinpoint where his former captor
lives. He confronts Woo-jin and accuses him of
using hypnosis to erase the memory of what he
witnessed in school. Woo-jin argues that it wasn't
hypnosis that made him forget about the incident.
Dae-su simply forgot about it because it
wasn't something that should concern him.
Woo-jin reveals that the rumors about Soo-ah
getting pregnant have started to spread soon
after Dae-su left the school. The gossip has
gotten so bad that Soo-ah began to believe
that she was actually pregnant. Woo-jin
blamed Dae-su for spreading the rumors.
Dae-su accuses Woo-jin of killing his own sister
because he feared people would find out about
their illicit relationship. Woo-jin dismisses
the accusations and starts recounting how he
arranged the meeting between Dae-su and Mi-do
with the help of a hypnotist. He shows Dae-su
a photo album of his wife and child. As Dae-su
flips through the album, he sees photos of the
child growing up. Dae-su is horrified as he finds
out that his daughter had grown up to be Mi-do.
Enraged by what he discovered,
Dae-su attacks Woo-jin,
but Mr. Han stops him. Dae-su struggles to
fight off Mr. Han but manages to injure him.
Despite his serious injury, Mr. Han is still able
to subdue Dae-su. After watching the altercation
for some time, Woo-jin gets frustrated
and decides to kill his own bodyguard.
Woo-jin goes on to tell Dae-su that
Mr. Park is still working for him.
Back in Mr. Park's building, Mi-do is presented
with a gift box and was told to open it.
Dae-su tells her over the phone not to
look inside and wait for him to get back.
Dae-su starts begging Woo-jin
not to reveal the truth to Mi-do.
He kneels in front of Woo-jin and starts
barking like a dog as a sign of his submission.
Failing to make an impression on Woo-jin,
he decides to cut off his own tongue.
Woo-jin finally relents and tells
Mr. Park to keep the gift box closed.
He walks away leaves Dae-su with the
remote control for his pacemaker. However,
when Dae-su pushed the button, it only played
an audio recording of him and Mi-do making love.
Woo-jin walks into the elevator and
starts recalling Soo-ah's death.
Woo-jin tries to save her from falling,
but Soo-ah tells him to let her go.
As soon as the elevator opens,
Woo-jin shoots himself in the head.
Now living in a secluded countryside, Dae-su
writes a letter to the hypnotist to tell his
story and ask her for help. She tells Dae-su that
she initially had no intention of helping him,
but the last part of the letter convinced
her. In the last sentence of the letter,
Dae-su asks, "Even though I'm no more than
a beast, don't I have the right to live?"
The hypnotist warns Dae-su that something
might go wrong and mess up his memory.
Dae-su agrees to go ahead with the session
anyway. She proceeds with the hypnosis and
tells Dae-su that his mind will be split into
two personalities. The first personality will
not know the truth about Mi-do, while the other
one is the monster who will keep the secret.
The monster will start walking away and age one
year with each step until he reaches 70 and dies.
Later on, Dae-su wakes up alone in the snow.
Mi-do comes over and tries to warm him up. She
embraces Dae-su and tells him that she loves him.
Dae-su breaks into a smile upon
hearing about Mi-do's feelings for him,
but the smile slowly turns into a look of
grief and pain as they continue to embrace.